# -*- encoding: utf-8; indent-tabs-mode: nil -*-

=encoding utf8

=head1 Presentation

This repository contains utility programs
for the various French Revolutionary programs
I am interested in. Unless specified otherwise,
the programs are licensed under the same terms
as Perl: the GPL license (version 1 or later)
or the Artistic license.

=head1 Installation

A common prerequisite for all Perl programs is
that you must install Perl 5.10 or a later 
version, and the modules F<DateTime> and
F<DateTime::Calendar::FrenchRevolutionary>.
If a specific program needs more, it will
be written in the program's documentation.
Use C<perlpod> I<program-name> and look
at the I<DEPENDENCIES> paragraph.

As for C-Lisp programs, a prerequisite is the
installation of F<calendrica-3.0.cl>. See the
comments inside the source files.

=head1 gen-tests

This program generates a few test files
for various French Revolutionary calendar
programs. In some cases, the generated file
is a ready-to-use program. In other cases,
the generated files contains lines
that must be copied-pasted into an external
source file.

=head1 gen-feasts

This program generates the list of feasts in
the French Revolutionary calendar, for
inclusion in Emacs' cal-french.el program
or in other programs.

=head1 conv.cl

Script converting Gregorian dates into French Revolutionary,
using the equinox rule, even after the date when Romme's arithmetic
rule was supposed to be in effect.

=head1 cmpeq.cl

Script computing the 1st Vendémiaire using both rules for some
number of years, to show how the rules compare to each other.
